Add lists emphasis (#3)
jeangiroux/markdown-portfolio: _includes/05-emphasis.md

> Write out some of your awesome attributes, and use emphasis (like bold or italics) to identify keywords, programming languages, or skills. 

Author: **ablalbalb**
_blabla_

```suggestion
Write out some of your awesome attributes, and use emphasis (like bold or italics) to identify keywords, proasddsa
```
